because of the shelling of civilians and balts
His Uglegorskaya Gorlovka were forced
leave their homes and run on the peaceful
territory just past week in
Svetogorsk arrived more than one and a half thousand
a person does not help volunteers and
benefactors as seen by the reporter
events near one of the cafes
Svyatogorsk long queue now
six months here is the point of issue
humanitarian assistance to immigrants for
products come here those who fled from
shelling in Debaltseve Gorlovka and
Uglegorsk they need literally
all clothes medication baby food
products
people are hungry
soulful
didn't go over
this is all we came
didn't come even before things went easier on
additional type of work
talking play
man let's raise the money they give
will accept that there is no mistake is necessary for everything
after seven i'm there of course people don't
can move away from the horror experienced and
stress evacuation they left their homes
and fled to peaceful territory than were
Svetogorsk daily arrives at least
hundreds of immigrants for fleeing
frontline cities Akhmetov headquarters
promptly delivers food and if not
this humanitarian aid then feed them
yesterday would be nothing yesterday we gave out
bureau and have already started cooking
people arrived they already waited and yes that is
as if but it was a salvation about which
you could only dream more thanks
deployed to one headquarters that does not throw
us such difficult moments because
indeed we were that reserve
which was with us we would not have handled a
there is still a shortage
baby food
considering the needs of the headquarters of Akhmetov
Svetogorsk brought 700 children's sets
bags of baby cereals round juices and
diapers tomorrow will distribute to those who
came from thief debaltseve and and
Uglegorsk volunteers guarantee
Products for children and adults will be
deliver uninterrupted food enough for
all he oars she Alexei Poodle Igor
monasteries events channel Ukraine